>> Richard Feldman: So
first problem we have is the avatar URL.
So we've got this maybe URL value.
This a case maybeurl of and
there are two possibilities.
One is we actually got a URL and
the other is this user did not
specify an avatar is we're gonna
have to do some sort of fall back.
So we know the fallback case is
gonna be smiley-cyrus here, and
in the case that we actually have a URL
for them we're just gonna return.
So, in either pathway, in either
situation, we've either got a URL or
we've got Smiley Cyrus.
So, let's see how that looks.
>> Richard Feldman: Fantastic, we now
have actual avatar URL's for those folks.
Great, they're back.
Now, for the next one,
actually you just sign up, blah blah,
you can put whatever you want in this,
doesn't really matter, example.com.
Any password you want and as you can see,
I've now got my Smiley Cyrus
avatar that I'm rocking here.
My feed is empty because I don't
actually follow anyone, but
the global feed shows me all this same
stuff as I saw when I was logged out.
So to reproduce the second bug,
I need to open up new post,
or edit an existing post.
And so I'm gonna say] article title,
Stuff.
What's the article about, Things.
Write the article, blah, blah, blah.
And then to reproduce the bug,
I need to put in tags that actually have
too many spaces in between them,
or at least, multiple spaces.
So I hit Publish and it says,
some tags are empty, curses.
All right, so that's the problem,
is that some of these
spaces are actually getting interpreted
as tags when we don't want them to be.
We want them to just get thrown out.
Okay, so that's the bug,
to fix the bug we're going to
go over to this code over here.
All right, so we've got a pipeline
that currently has one thing in it.
We're splitting the tag string on a space,
so
we get a list of each of the things
that are in between the spaces.
Then we're calling List.map String.trim,
which we'll trim all of them, but
now we want to actually filter them.
And we want to filter them such
that we remove all the ones
that have nothing in them.
In other words, they were just spaces and
they're going to be
processed as empty tags.
Okay, so we're gonna say tag and then tag
double equals quote, did anyone try this?
Okay, you probably know that
it didn't work properly.
It's not quite what we want and
actually there's a special error message
that I put in for this use case.
So I'm just gonna put gibberish in here,
tag, another, etc.
I hit Publish is close but not quite.
The filter are gonna returning true and
it should be returning false.
I'll admit this is an error of
message was specific to the workshops,
it's not what is actually
there the real applications.
Yeah, so this basically saying,
filter it out only if its empty,
sorry, keep it if it's empty.
In other words,
it does the opposite of what we wanted.
It actually throws out all the ones
that we should be keeping and
then keeps the one that we
wanted to be throwing out.
If I change that to no
equal to empty string,
then it will actually
work a good bit better.
Now I can do this blah blah blah,
tag the whatever spaces I,
[COUGH] Publish Article.
And sure enough, now I actually have a
published successfully published article.
The bug has been fixed, huzzah.